chore: update poetry install link with fixed version (#358)
RobotecAI/rai: README.md

#### 1.1 Install poetry

> RAI uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for python packaging and dependency management. Install poetry (<2.0) with the following line:

Author: ```suggestion
RAI uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) for python packaging and dependency management. Install poetry (1.8.*) with the following line:
```
